Reformat and update docs (#66)
primer/presentations: content/design-guidelines/icons-and-illustrations.mdx

---
title: Icons and illustration usage
---

import {Text} from '@primer/components'

> ## Guidelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Below are guidelines on how to best use GitHub icons and illustrations within a presentation. Approved visual assets are provided within the [asset library](https://primer.style/presentations/assets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these guidelines to best use GitHub icons and illustrations within a presentation. Approved visual assets are provided within the [asset library](https://primer.style/presentations/assets).
```

<DoDontContainer>
  <Dont>
    <Text>Alter the illustrations</Text>
  </Dont>
  <Dont>
    <Text>Combine images that use different stylings</Text>
  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

## Icons

> Icons are used to show a visual association with different objects (e.g., The core four include: Developers, Teams, Enterprise, and Maintainers). There are two sets of icons specific to GitHub: the [GitHub marketing icons](https://ghicons.github.com/) and the [Octicons](https://octicons.github.com/).

Reviewer: I don't understand what the content inside the brackets means, but the GH styleguide is to use "example" and not "e.g."
```suggestion
Icons are used to show a visual association with different objects (e.g., The core four include: Developers, Teams, Enterprise, and Maintainers). 

There are two sets of icons specific to GitHub: 
- [GitHub marketing icons](https://ghicons.github.com/)
- [Octicons](https://octicons.github.com/)
```
